Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy provides our policies and procedures for collecting, using, and disclosing your information.
Users access the X_Steem Note service (“Service”) through the application, through APIs, and through third-parties.
A “Device” is any computer used to access the X_Steem Note Service, including without limitation a desktop, laptop, mobile phone, tablet, or other consumer electronic device.
This Privacy Policy governs your access of the X_Steem Note Service, regardless of how you access it, and by using our Service you consent to the collection, transfer, processing, storage, disclosure and other uses described in this Privacy Policy.
All of the different forms of data, content, and information described below are collectively referred to as “information.”

1. The Information We Collect And Store
   We may collect and store the following information when running the X_Steem Note Service:
A. Information You Provide:
i. When you register for an account, we collect some Personal Information, such as your name and email address.
ii. We may also receive Personal Information (for example, your email address) through other users, for example if they have tried to share something with you.
B. Your Data:
i. We collect and store data you upload, download, or access with the Service (“Data”).
C. Log Data: When you use the Service, we automatically record information from your Device, its software, and your activity using the Service. This may include the Device’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, information you search for through the Service, locale preferences, identification numbers associated with your Devices, your mobile carrier, date and time stamps, system configuration information, and other interactions with the Service.
Cookies. We also use “cookies” to collect information and improve our Service. A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your Device.
2. How We Use Personal Information
A. Personal Information. In the course of using the Service, we may collect personal information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Information”). Personal Information is or may be used: (i) to provide and improve our Service, (ii) to administer your use of the Service, (iii) to better understand your needs and interests, (iv) to personalize and improve your experience, and (v) to provide or offer software updates and product announcements. If we communicate with you, and you no longer wish to receive communications from us, please follow the “unsubscribe” instructions provided in any of those communications, or update your settings information.
B. Geo-Location Information: 
i. Some Devices allow applications to access real-time location-based information (for example, GPS).
ii. Our mobile application does not collect such information from your mobile device at any time while you download or use our mobile apps as of the date this policy went into effect, but may do so in the future with your consent to improve our Service.
C. Analytics: We also collect some information (ourselves or using third party services) using logging and cookies, such as IP address, which can sometimes be correlated with personal information. We use this information for the above purposes and to monitor and analyze use of the Service, for the Service’s technical administration, to increase our Service’s functionality and user-friendliness, and to verify users have the authorization needed for the Service to process their requests.
3. Information Sharing and Disclosure
A. Use: We do not sell your personal information to third parties. We may also share or disclose your information with your consent, for example if you use a third party application to access your account (see below). Through certain features of the Service, you may also have the ability to make some of your information public.
B. Third-Party Applications:
i. We may share your information with a third party application with your consent, for example when you choose to access our Service through such an application.
ii. We are not responsible for what those parties do with your information, so you should make sure you trust the application and that it has a privacy policy acceptable to you.
C. Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement Requests; Protection of X_Steem Note’s Rights. 
   We may disclose to parties outside X_Steem Note Data and information about you that we collect when we have a good faith belief that disclosure is reasonably necessary to 
   (a) comply with a law, regulation or compulsory legal request; 
   (b) protect the safety of any person from death or serious bodily injury; 
   (c) prevent fraud or abuse of X_Steem Note or its users; or 
   (d) to protect X_Steem Note’s property rights.
D. Business Transfers:
i. If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, your information may be transferred as part of that transaction, but we will notify you (for example, via email and/or a prominent notice on our website) of any change in control or use of your Personal Information or Data, or if either become subject to a different Privacy Policy. 
ii. We will also notify you of choices you may have regarding the information.
E. Non-Private or Non-Personal Information. We may disclose your non-private, aggregated, or otherwise non-personal information, such as usage statistics of our Service.
4. Data Retention:
i. We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services.
ii. We may retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
iii. Consistent with these requirements, we will try to delete your information quickly upon request.
iv. Please note, however, that there might be latency in deleting information from our servers and backed-up versions might exist after deletion.
v. In addition, we do not delete from our servers files that you have in common with other users.
5. Security:
i. We are conscious of the security of your information passed to us via our apps. 
ii. We follow generally accepted standards to protect the information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it.
iii. No method of electronic transmission or storage is 100% secure, however, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
6. Our Policy towards Children:
i. Our Service is not directed to persons under the age of 12.
ii. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 12.
iii. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with Personal Information without their consent, he or she should contact us at support@xsteemapps.com.
iv. If we become aware that a child less than 12 years old has provided us with Personal Information, we will take steps to delete such information from our files.
7. Changes to our Privacy Policy:
i. This Privacy Policy may change from time to time. 
ii. If we make a change to this privacy policy that we believe materially reduces your rights, we will provide you with notice (for example, by email). 
iii. And we may provide notice of changes in other circumstances as well.
iv. By continuing to use the Service after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.

